Translator for regions and photutils (#1138)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/imviz/plugins.rst

   must be in the unit of display data unit per counts. This is used to convert linear
   flux unit (e.g., MJy/sr) to counts. This field is only used if data has a valid unit.
   If this field is not applicable for you, leave it at 0.
   **This field resets every time Data selection changes.**
8. If you also want photometry result in magnitude unit, you can enter a flux
   scaling factor in the :guilabel:`Flux scaling` field. The value must be in the
   same unit as display data unit. A magnitude is then calculated using
   ``-2.5 * log(flux / flux_scaling)``. This calculation only makes sense if your
   display data unit is already in linear flux unit. Setting this to 1 is equivalent
   to not applying any scaling. This field is only used if data has a valid unit.
   If this field is not applicable for you, leave it at 0.
   **This field resets every time Data selection changes.**
9. Select the desired radial profile plot type using the :guilabel:`Plot Type` drop-down menu:

  * Radial Profile: Binned average as a function of radius from the center of the region.
  * Radial Profile (Raw): Raw image data points as a function of radius from the center of the region.

>     Do not use this for big data due to performance issues associated with too many data points.

Reviewer: It could be useful to provide some guidance on what counts as "big" here.

Author: This is hardware dependent. I am not sure what to say... Any suggestion?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Caution: having too many data points may cause performance issues with this feature. The 
    exact limitations depend on your hardware.
```
How about this, rather than quoting an exact number?

Author: Sounds good. Thanks!
